hey guys it's me and playful penny sorry
that our CVS haul is up so late tonight
been really busy today give me four wand
she's not gonna give it back there we go
thank you don't choke on the string wow
there she goes anyway guys this is just
my really small CVS haul I was going to
get the spoiled nail polish tin and they
were all out of my store so and this is
all I picked up so kind of boring but
let me go ahead and just share real
quickly what I did do I went ahead and
did the loo me and ill again I went
ahead and picked up this mask which was
999 these are six at 79 i want to say
each the eye makeup removers so
basically all four of these together
totaled the thirty dollars i used for of
the four dollar off coupons from
facebook and you get ten dollars back
when you spend 30 so that ended up being
a really great deal for that i also had
a five dollar off of a thirty dollar
purchase coupon that was sent to my
email so but you know essentially made
that free so that was a great deal and
the other thing that I did was the
schick deal these were 9 something when
you spend 25 you get back 10 so I picked
up four of them there are bogo coupons
that are available and there are also
other random coupons available I think
there's a six dollar off of two and a
two dollar off of one there's a bunch of
different razor coupons that you can
stock with this still which is great so
this ended up being a really great deal
my bogo coupon she actually adjusted it
down to the price which was
nine-something instead of taking the
full value which was 1050 which is fine
i mean that happens so it it didn't end
up being free but it was a really great
deal on the razor's I just decided to
pick them up just to kind of use some
extra care bucks and you know extend I
guess the expiration date so it ended up
working out really great I decided to
a with the twenty dollar extra care buck
even though my subtotal was only sixteen
dollars before tax so I did lose four
dollars but I just kind of wanted to use
it so I ended up working out fine so I
used that and I got back a tunnel extra
care buck from this deal and then a
ten-dollar extra care but from this deal
so I left with the same amount of extra
care bucks and all I paid was tax which
was four dollars and some change so it
ended up being really great deal
regardless of that so yeah I'm very
short and sweet I'm really excited about
black friday i'm sure most of you are as
well so i'm really hoping to keep my
extra care bucks in the higher numbers
so that i can use them for black friday
because that's going to be really
exciting as it always is so yeah that's
it guys for CBS short and sweet i might
go back and tried to go to a different
store to get the nail pill because i
think that's a great deal but other than
that not too much going on other than
hers and the skin care what a surprise
but yeah that's it guys thanks again so
much for watching and i hope you guys
have a wonderful weekend